Feat/oneof (#79)
open-rpc/spec: README.md

}
```

#### oneOf Object

> a simple object allowing for conditional content descriptors. It MUST only be used in place of a content descriptor. It specifices that the content descriptor in question must match one of the list of content descriptors. This allows you to define content descriptors more granularly, without having to rely so heavily on json schemas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A simple object allowing for conditional content descriptors. It MUST only be used in place of a content descriptor. It specifies that the content descriptor in question must match one of the listed content descriptors. This allows you to define content descriptors more granularly, without having to rely so heavily on json schemas.
```
